aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccceweeeffffwekosmsfltrpeojr
This is a normal line that might not be shortened in any reasonable way
Spiderland is the second and final studio album by American rock band Slint. It was released on March 27, 1991, through Touch and Go Records. 
Featuring dramatically alternating dynamics and vocals ranging from spoken word to shouting, the album contains narrative lyrics that emphasize alienation.
Spiderland was Slints first release on Touch and Go, and the groups last record. Spiderland is today one of the most influential indie albums of all time, influencing bands of many genres and areas.
I stepped out onto the midway. I was looking for the pirate ship and saw this small, old white tent at one end. It was blue and had white lights hanging all around it
I decided to check out the tent, it seemed I could hear music coming from inside. 
As I walked toward it, I passed a crowd of people at the sideshow. I couldn't figure out why they would want to wait in line

I pulled back the drape thing on the tent. 
There was a crystal ball at the table, and behind it, a girl wearing a hat. 
She smiled, and asked me if I wanted my fortune read.
I said okay and sat down. I thought about it for a minute, and asked her if she would rather go on the roller coaster instead.
Creeping up into the sky
Stopping, at the top, and then starting down
The girl grabbed my hand, I clutched it tight
I said good-bye to the ground
Far below, a soiled man. A bucket of torn tickets at his side. He watches the children run by. And cleans his teethSpinning round, my head begins to turn
I shouted, and searched the sky for a friend
I heard the fortune teller, screaming back at me
We stuck out our hands and met the wind
The girl falters as she steps down from the platform. 
She clutches her stomach, and begins to heave. 
The ticket-taker smiles, and the last car is ready. "Who told you that you could leave?"
The sun was setting by the time we left. 
We walked across the deserted lot, alone. We were tired, but we managed to smile
At the gate I said goodnight to the fortune teller. 
The carnival sign threw colored shadows on her face, but I could tell she was blushing
